README.md, before:

# Trusted Shops Profile Page Tests
Tests to validate profile page properties:
1. **Title Check**: checks if title exists.
2. **Grade Validation**: checks if average grade is visible and avove zero.
3. **Info Popup Validation**: checks if information popup opens and contains relevant information.
Information is considered relevant if:
⋅1. It contains a text about the correct store.
⋅2. It contains reference about grade calculation.
4. **Filter Validation**: checks if clicking on a given number of stars filters out reviews with that number of stars.
5. **Percentage Check**: checks if percentage sum is equal to or less than 100.

## Requirements
Tests require **Robot Framework 6.0.2** and **SeleniumLibrary 6.1.0** for Robot Framework to run.
Packages can be installed through ``pip install -r requirements.txt`` using the included requirements file.

## Tests Execution
Tests can be executed by running ``robot --argumentfile profile_page_tests.robot`` in the root directory.
This command will execute the tests in the order provided above.

The tests can also be executed by running ``robot profile_page_tests``.
This will run the tests in alphabetical order.

Any test can be executed individually: ``robot profile_page_tests/filter_validation.robot``.
This will only run the Filter Validation test.

Commit message:

Readme settings and results sections

README.md, after:

# Trusted Shops Profile Page Tests
Tests to validate profile page properties:
1. **Title Check**: checks if title exists.
2. **Grade Validation**: checks if average grade is visible and avove zero.
3. **Info Popup Validation**: checks if information popup opens and contains relevant information.\
Information is considered relevant if:
    * It contains a text about the correct store.
    * It contains reference about grade calculation.
4. **Filter Validation**: checks if clicking on a given number of stars filters out reviews with that number of stars.
5. **Percentage Check**: checks if percentage sum is equal to or less than 100.

## Requirements
Tests require **Robot Framework 6.0.2** and **SeleniumLibrary 6.1.0** for Robot Framework to run.\
Packages can be installed through ``pip install -r requirements.txt`` using the included requirements file.

## Executing Tests
Tests can be executed by running ``robot --argumentfile profile_page_tests.robot`` command in the root directory.
This command will execute the tests in the order provided above.

The tests can also be executed by running ``robot profile_page_tests``.
This will run the tests in alphabetical order.

Any test can be executed individually: ``robot profile_page_tests/filter_validation.robot``.
This will only run the Filter Validation test.

## Settings
Some parameters of the tests can be changed by editing the RF variables.
#### resources/common.resource
* _${URL}_ can be changed to test a different profile page.
* _${BROWSER}_ is responsible for the browser that the test will be run in. The suites are designed to be executed in _Chrome_ but should work in other browsers as well.
* _${WIDTH}_ and _${HEIGHT}_ can be changed to control window size.
#### profile_page_tests/filter_validation.robot
* _${STARS_UNDER_TEST}_ variable can be changed to test different star ratings.

## Results
The running progress and immediate results will be displayed in the command line.
Robot Framework will also generate ``report.html`` and ``log.html`` with detailed information regarding each test.
